TINY-8397: Opening a dialog before the UI renders in inline mode fails (#7628)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Anchor elements would render incorrectly when using the `allow_html_in_named_anchor` option #TINY-3799
- Fixed sub-menu items not read by screen readers. Patch contributed by westonkd #TINY-8417
- The Home or End keys would move out of a editable element contained within a noneditable element #TINY-8201

> - The dialog could not be opened before the editor has been rendered #TINY-8397

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dialogs could not be opened in inline mode before the editor had been rendered #TINY-8397
```
